I bring you a visit to
Jorge Javier Vázquez's latest blog which was addressed
to Queen Letizia. Letizia should stop
being so perfect in her appearances.
The title already points the way that here is
a declaration of intent
from Jorge that really catches my attention.
I see this. It was even a bit ugly for me to
learn her
daughters' names and until recently I wasn't able to
tell them apart. Man, let's see, it's not like you have to
get a master's degree to
study the name, let alone to learn
both names. Leonor Sofía, on top of that, has the
same name as her grandmother. Well, anyway, and
that thing about being capable of [ __ ] around, they don't look alike
either. I didn't suffer much because of it. So it's
not that I'm not interested in the queen. Because I ca
n't stand it, quite the opposite, but
because I know very little about her.
Our Kings did well to feel so perfect in
their appearances. I don't think so
anymore. Personally, little by little, a couple who attend institutional events with a poker face, here Jorge, what he's saying is that the Kings today are absolutely useless.